TiFlash late materialization (#12939)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Default value: `ON`
- This variable is used to control whether the optimizer estimates the number of rows based on column order correlation

### tidb_opt_enable_late_materialization <span class="version-mark">New in v7.0.0</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Type: Boolean
- Default value: `OFF`

> - Specifies whether to enable the [TiFlash late materialization](/tiflash/tiflash-late-materialization.md) feature.

Author: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to control whether to enable the [TiFlash late materialization](/tiflash/tiflash-late-materialization.md) feature.
```

> - By default, if a `SELECT` statement includes a filtering condition (`WHERE` clause), TiFlash scans all the data of the required columns before filtering. When this variable is set to `ON` to enable the TiFlash late materialization feature, TiFlash can first scan the column data related to the filtering conditions, filter the rows that meet the conditions, and then scan the data of other columns of these rows for further calculations, thereby reducing IO scans and computations of data processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, if a `SELECT` statement includes a filtering condition (`WHERE` clause), TiFlash scans all the data of the required columns before filtering. When this variable is set to `ON` to enable the TiFlash late materialization feature, TiFlash can first scan the column data related to the filtering conditions, filter the rows that meet the conditions, and then scan the data of other columns of these rows for further calculations, thereby reducing computations of IO scans and data processing.
```

Reviewer 2: IO 和 计算
